Troubleshooting section in Getting Started guide (#276)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: apps/typegpu-docs/src/content/docs/guides/getting-started.mdx

:::note
Make sure your browser supports WebGPU. You can check browser compatiblity [here](https://caniuse.com/webgpu).
:::

## Troubleshooting

> <details>
> <summary>WebGPU types are not available</summary>
> 
> If WebGPU types, such as `GPUDevice` or `GPUBuffer`, are not recognized in your project, make sure to install the [@webgpu/types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webgpu/types) npm package.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary><summary>WebGPU types are not available / `GPUDevice` or `GPUBuffer` types are not defined</summary></summary>

If WebGPU types, such as `GPUDevice` or `GPUBuffer`, are not recognized in your project, make sure to install the [@webgpu/types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webgpu/types) npm package and include it as a type root in your `tsconfig.json` file.

\```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "typeRoots": ["./node_modules/@webgpu/types", "./node_modules/@types"]
  },
}
\```
```

</details>
```

> If you encounter any other issues, make sure to look into the rest of our docs, as well as the [WebGPU](https://www.w3.org/TR/webgpu/) or the [react-native-wgpu](https://github.com/wcandillon/react-native-webgpu) documentations. For any more questions, you can contact us via our [Discord server](https://discord.swmansion.com) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/software-mansion/TypeGPU).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any other issues, make sure to look into the rest of our docs, as well as the [WebGPU](https://www.w3.org/TR/webgpu/) or the [react-native-wgpu](https://github.com/wcandillon/react-native-webgpu) documentations. For any further questions, you can contact us via the [Software Mansion Community Discord](https://discord.swmansion.com) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/software-mansion/TypeGPU).
```
